Normalize LaTeX math symbols to glossary refs across AOR/RE manuscripts (#316)
symbiotic-engineering/MDOcean: pubs/applied-ocean-research-model/sections/discussion.tex

\fi

\paragraph{Constraint Sensitivities}
The structure of the constrained optimal control problem allows for quantification of the sensitivity of optimal power to each constraint limit, formalizing the intuition behind $\gls{sym-mathbf-eta-H-T-limits}$.
From \Cref{eq:constrained-qp-solution,eq:power-elec}, the average electrical power (the LCOE denominator) is a sea-state-weighted sum of the impedance-matched power in each sea state, each scaled down by the factor $(1-|\Gamma_{\beta,\text{opt}}|^2)$ that captures the effect of active dynamic constraints:
\begin{equation}\label{eq:power-elec-sum}
\begin{aligned}

>     \gls{sym-p-avg-elec} &= \gls{sym-eta} \sum_{\gls{sym-beta}=1}^{\gls{sym-N-sea}} \gls{sym-w-beta} \cdot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \gls{sym-overline-P-elec} &= \gls{sym-eta} \sum_{\gls{sym-beta}=1}^{\gls{sym-N-sea}} \gls{sym-w-beta} \cdot
```

    \frac{|\gls{sym-hat-V-s-th-beta}|^2}{8\Re(\gls{sym-Z-s-th-beta})}~ (1 - |\gls{sym-Gamma-beta-opt}|^2)
    \\ \text{s.t.}
\quad
    |\gls{sym-hat-F-p-beta}| &\leq \gls{sym-F-max},\quad
    |\gls{sym-p-pk-elec-beta}| \leq \gls{sym-P-max-elec},\\
    |\gls{sym-hat-xi-f-beta}| &\leq \gls{sym-X-f-max},\quad
    |\gls{sym-hat-xi-s-beta}| \leq \gls{sym-X-s-max}\\
\end{aligned}
\end{equation}

Power is maximized when $|\gls{sym-Gamma-beta-opt}|=0$ in every sea state, which corresponds to unconstrained impedance-matched control.
When constraints are active, the optimal $|\gls{sym-Gamma-beta-opt}|>0$ represents the impedance mismatch required to satisfy them, and power decreases quadratically with $|\gls{sym-Gamma-beta-opt}|$.

> \Cref{sec:appendix-constraint-sensitivity} uses this relationship to derive a closed-form scaling law for the optimal annual average power $\gls{sym-p-avg-elec}$ as a function of the constraint coefficients $\gls{sym-b-mu}$ (which are affine or square functions of the constraint limits $\gls{sym-tau-max}$, $\gls{sym-P-max-elec}$, $\gls{sym-X-f-max}$, $\gls{sym-X-s-max}$, and $\gls{sym-X-PTO-max}$ defined in \Cref{tab:qp-constraints}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\Cref{sec:appendix-constraint-sensitivity} uses this relationship to derive a closed-form scaling law for the optimal annual average power $\gls{sym-overline-P-elec}$ as a function of the constraint coefficients $\gls{sym-b-mu}$ (which are affine or square functions of the constraint limits $\gls{sym-tau-max}$, $\gls{sym-P-tau-omega-max}$, $\gls{sym-xi-f-max}$, $\gls{sym-xi-s-max}$, and $\gls{sym-X-PTO-max}$ defined in \Cref{tab:qp-constraints}).
```
